NewsMaestro Introduction and Features
-------------------------------------

This is my present to you all.

NewsMaestro download page:
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=203356

News Maestro is power tool for usenet.
There is just nothing like it.

It can perform anything related to usenet in automated manner.
Individually or in bulk.

It can post, repost multiple articles from the archive file,
download any number of articles depending on selected criteria,
such as group name, author, subject of an article, or any other
required headers. It can send regular emails or post to usenet
via mail2news gateways.

It has a powerful job module that allows you to run any number
of automated jobs and perform any usenet operation in bulk.

It can also generate any standard usenet control messages that could apply to
either existing articles in some group, or stored in one of your archives.
You  can use filters to select the candidate articles.

Jobs
----
Job module is used to perform a number of different operations
automatically. Each task can perform any desired operation, such as
download, post, etc. Once some task is finished, the next task in the
job list starts up automatically.

Super Filters
-------------
Articles for download/post operations could be selected using powerful filters.
You can filter on any required header and/or article body
specifying multiple search parameters and keyword phrases.

Filters can be applied to any operation.

Monkey Business
----------------
You can download some articles using filters to select by any of required
headers and substitute the original words in the article with different,
randomly selected words according to a number of syntactically correct
categories, thus changing the meaning of what is being said and yet
perfectly preserving the thought pattern and exactly duplicating the
syntax of the original sentences.

Template Generation
-------------------
You can generate templates out of regular Usenet articles, or any other
text file, using your own dictionary and convert them into templates.
These templates can then be converted back into text and the original
verbs, nouns, adjectives, etc. will be replaced with normal words,
selected randomly.

Dictionaries
------------
You can use your own dictionaries during template generation and
monkey busines operations. Default dictionary supplied contains
over 8000 words and can be extended at will with a regular text
editor.

Archive to HTML/XML converter
-----------------------------
You can convert your standard usenet archives into nice looking web pages,
using style sheets and use your favorite web browser to view them.
You can navigate those pages using the navigation buttons.
Filters can be applied to select the candidate articles.

Automatic quote insertion
--------------------------
You can add leading and trailing quotes to any of
articles you post by randomly selecting those quotes from your own quotes file.
You can also add intro and reminder notes to any posted article with desired
periodicity.

Article archives:
-----------------
You can save the articles you download from usenet to any number of
archive files. Later on, some of those articles could be re-posted
using filters to select which ones.

Archive maintenance:
--------------------
You can eliminate duplicate articles from your archives and
repair any archive files automatically.

Email and MailToNews:
---------------------
You can send email articles from your archives to any number of addresses.
You can also  post articles from your archive using Mail2News gateways.
Templates can be used in the same way as in ordinary letterhead in order
to send the articles to different individuals and have a personalized
feel to them.

More on Filtering
-----------------
Powerful filtering techniques are available to select the articles
for any operation, such as post, download, etc. Filters can be applied to
required article headers or article body, or both. Multiple keywords or keyword
phrases are supported. Search scope allows to perform a multi-keyword searches
and match only those articles that have all of the keywords within a specified
number of characters. Associative filtering allows you to create the association
lists containing similar in meaning keywords. If article contains any of the
keywords on any of association lists, it will match.

Filters can be applied during conversion of you archives into HTML web pages to
select the articles you are interested in. This is a very powerful feature for
educational and research purposes as you will be able to avoid seeing all the
articles you are not interested in, unlike on some web search engines where you
see all sorts of articles having nothing to do with what you are interested in.
Dictionaries are used during symbol substitution in article headers or body,
template generation or Monkey Business  operation. They contain the lists of
words classified by different categories.

More on Template Generator
--------------------------
Template generator allows you to convert any existing articles into templates
substituting article headers or words in the article body with symbols. Template
can then be save to a file for later use, or it can be used on the fly to
convert all symbols back to corresponding words or article headers.
Conversion utilizes the symbol categories in order to produce the linguistically
correct conversions selecting proper categories from the Dictionaries. Each
linguistic category, such as nouns, verbs, adjectives, etc contains a list of
words belonging to that category. Dictionary are regular text files and can be
edited with any text editor.

More on Monkey Business Operation
---------------------------------
You can download articles from usenet selecting desired articles with
filters, save them in your local archive and then substitute all
the words that exist in your dictionary with randomly selected linguistic
equivalents.

More on Dictionaries
--------------------
You can use two different dictionaries, one for converting words to
symbols and the other one for converting symbols back to words or you can use
the same dictionary. Using two separate dictionaries allows you to generate text
that will have a limited vocabulary of particular individual type, such as
plumber, computer freak, little girl, bully, cop, etc.

Multiple configurations: You can create a different configuration file to store
all the parameters to carry out any operation, such as download, post, etc. Next
time you run the program, you simply load one of your configurations and click
on Do It button to start it.

--
Get yourself the most powerful tool for usenet you ever heard of.

NewsMaestro download page:
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=203356


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Conservative observers state, that Israel was built
on the bones of at least two million Palestinians.

In Lydda alone Zionist killers murdered 50,000 Palestinians,
both Muslim and Christian.

Only about 5 percent of so called Jews are Semites,
whereas 95 percent are Khazars.

"...I know the blasphemy of them WHICH SAY THEY ARE JEWS,
and are not, BUT ARE THE SYNAGOGUE OF SATAN."

(Revelation 2:9, 3:9)


